Allow creating a FullViewingKey from a given SpendValidatingKey (#432)
zcash/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### added
- Added [Visibility crate](https://crates.io/crates/visibility) to modify
visibility of methods and struct for the `unstable-frost` feature.
- Added `SpendValidatingKey` serialization and deserialization from bytes
visibility under the `unstable-frost` feature
  - `orchard::keys::SpendValidatingKey`

> - Added `from_sk_and_ask::keys::FullViewingKey::from_sk_and_ask` under the
> `unstable-frost` feature flag
> - Added `from_sk_and_ask::keys::FullViewingKey::from_checked_parts` under the
> `unstable-frost` feature flag

Reviewer: See below for reasoning

```suggestion
- Added `orchard::keys::FullViewingKey::from_sk_and_ak` under the
`unstable-frost` feature flag
- Added `orchard::keys::FullViewingKey::from_checked_parts` under the
`unstable-frost` feature flag
```
